# CanSatWorkshop F' project

This project was auto-generated by the F' utility tool. 

F´ (F Prime) is a component-driven framework that enables rapid development and deployment of spaceflight and other embedded software applications.
**Please Visit the F´ Website:** https://fprime.jpl.nasa.gov.

## Project creation
This is how this project was created from scratch. Do not repeat these steps, they're for reference only.

* F Prime compilation only works on Linux and macOS. If you're using Windows, please install WSL from the Microsoft Store, preferrably with the Ubuntu 24 distro. *From now on, run all commands on WSL or macOS.*
* `cd ~`
* `python3 -m venv fprime-bootstrap`
* `source fprime-bootstrap/bin/activate`
* `pip3 install fprime-bootstrap`
* Navigate to the folder where you want to store your F Prime project.
* `fprime-bootstrap project --populate`
* `source fprime-venv/bin/activate`
* Follow [this tutorial](https://fprime.jpl.nasa.gov/latest/tutorials-arduino-led-blinker/docs/arduino-led-blinker/#2-building-for-arduino-microcontrollers) up to section 2.

## Setup
* F Prime compilation only works on Linux and macOS. If you're using Windows, please install WSL from the Microsoft Store, preferrably with the Ubuntu 24 distro. *From now on, run all commands on WSL or macOS.*
* Clone this repository and navigate to the cloned main folder.
* Switch to the branch you want to work on, or create a new one.
* `python3 -m venv fprime-venv`
* `source fprime-venv/bin/activate`
* Follow [this tutorial](https://github.com/fprime-community/fprime-arduino/blob/main/docs/arduino-cli-install.md) to install the Arduino CLI. Install only the `esp32` core.